Hello everyone, you and Eustace today
we will test
the coolest game steering wheel in the world is this
same those g27
the steering wheel set itself consists of pedals
power steering and console switching
gears
let's take a look at them one by one
The first is power, everything is simple and reliable
worth noting and very long cables
what undoubtedly pleases further with us
the gear shift console it has
a lot of buttons themselves joysticks
lever arm
6 forward gears with familiar movements and
reverse gear by pushing the lever all as
in a race car the levers have leather
handmade braid attached to the table
very reliable three points 2 from which
have latches
further we have pedals here too
same cool firstly they are metallic in
second everyone has a different degree
pressing
for example gas light arc brakes and
medium adhesion by itself
this part is very bulky does not creak
has a comfortable hiding support for the carpet
Well, actually the steering wheel itself
force feedback meaning you
you will obviously feel a loss of grip
expensive
weight shift cars when cornering and
much more
helical engagement eliminates
extraneous sounds roles and color
RPM indicators are also very happy
handmade leather braid which
covered the whole wheel its diameter is 28
centimeters angle of rotation from 40 to
nine hundred degrees which allows
twist it you have half a turn in
each side
in conclusion it is worth noting that this is bruce
whether the best I've ever tested
Of course it is impossible to transfer all those
feelings of use
but believe me I am still in
wild ecstasy from taxiing like a load
ege in euro track simulator such from
dynamic off-road racing and
finland in dirt 3
he has his own play allows
fully customize everything
optical coding gives accurate and
reliable control in any situation
I definitely recommend it is worth it
an example of this manipulator can be
look at the video that I recorded
first person and used there
playing dirt 3 can go by
annotations and see everything actually
it's very cool and fascinating also i
I want to thank the logging company for
provided miracle device
and you for likes and views and subscriptions
all until we meet again bye
because and